The task is to extract named entities from the sentence: "File formats that can be imported vary from HAT to HAT ."

The eight types are: art, building, event, location, organization, other, person, product.

The sentence mentions "HAT" twice. What is HAT? In this context, "File formats that can be imported vary from HAT to HAT." This seems like a template sentence where HAT is a placeholder. But HAT could be a file format name. Actually, this looks like it comes from a dataset where "HAT" is a placeholder token.

Hmm, but the instruction says to extract every named entity. Is "HAT" a named entity? It could be a product name (a file format). In many NER datasets, file formats like "JPEG", "PNG" are considered products or "other".

Actually, this sentence appears to be from some documentation, possibly about a software product. "File formats that can be imported vary from HAT to HAT" — HAT might be a placeholder for product names. For example, in some documentation: "File formats that can be imported vary from Photoshop to Illustrator."

Given the task, I should treat "HAT" as a named entity. Since it appears twice, should I extract it twice? The instruction says "Extract every named entity from the sentence" and "Copy each entity's text exactly as it appears". If the same entity appears twice, typically we'd list both occurrences. But some conventions deduplicate. The instruction says "every named entity", so I'll include both occurrences.

What type? HAT as a file format / software product would be "product". Alternatively "other". Given it's about file formats that can be imported (software context), "product" seems most fitting.

So output:
[
  {"text": "HAT", "type": "product"},
  {"text": "HAT", "type": "product"}
]

Wait, but should I include duplicates? The instruction: "Extract every named entity from the sentence below." Every named entity — each occurrence. I'll include both.

Actually, let me reconsider. HAT could also be an organization or something. Without context, "HAT" in "vary from HAT to HAT" — this is likely a placeholder for software names. Product is the best guess.

Output only the[
  {"text": "HAT", "type": "product"},
  {"text": "HAT", "type": "product"}
]